here we are back or jaguars of chiapas is in a situation
difficult percent at this time
the team has not worked at all there is a backup so far for Luis
fernando had as a coach
the team panicked and talked to Antonio Leonard
l president of the chiapas jaguar team
your position is not
it ended up bothering the phone eba carlos well is that annoying
why
we were talking about the half-day fame issue
i at a given moment i criticized ikechi station that players
criticize criticize the managers
for these kinds of decisions that seem totally aberrant
by amir the salary a player makes me lose before aberrant and more with the
cuts that explained but good I was in that when suddenly it communicates them
with have tornado
knowingly the line can not be silent and that Antonio Tejero commented
that our agreement with the appraisals
he got upset he lost completely from the calm he exceeded he is oriented
and this and ended with the classic for me
classic
of managers who have no idea what's happening
he said at the end pressed it could be that Carlos Maple is my money
and it's my team and I do for the official
of course yes no
that is exactly
from a small talk that Tello was trying to be late the opportunity was
have given explanation be
here is what we are doing is we have a note we have a point of
radical view that was mine
opposite to that of
so the important thing was that he will express himself and explain
that's how it is
the people who believe that with the money they bought everything
I insist that education is not bought mom
pressure by the mouth I really in a very sad situation because yes it
exceeded silence
he went for a where he was not going I was not gifted with all respect because I
seriously there was a relationship of respect but good
let's hear what he pays
let's go to the jaguar area and we're also going to
to listen to network over there Fernando had the coach of the orange team
but the truth
the scoring table
on the other hand
your first job is customary to say of the trip
fernandez toasted
of them the first to realize is important to unite the world
also directive in 1
I do what he wants so much uribe to look for the goal
pellegrini has introduced
a very good relationship with a very good communication
the free man
giorgi remembered
the head of state
fermín bohórquez
the dollar lost a ball
another world one world
in the foreign exchange market
the delegate and a commitment
in the cellar
the delegate in the mayor
it's at a good time
bad world money
Sara larraín the year 2005
with the clutch edc
from first to last
with mentions
for example a guarantee
they do not come to me well I do not know where they come from
your royal court masterpiece
I believe that
it seems an hour later
in all the neighborhoods themselves
with the university with the same
with the same platform is to speed up the entrance
although the man did not come here for that reason to show him that
in a moment
neighbors of the place gave
at a time of day
in reversing
who live
has a nice in every game the gully week paglieri week
daily
with some triumph
and in the middle of this situation it turns out that the brain of the team is painfully
man called to take the reins to command the attacks of jaguars
not in physical condition to play is overweight the bofo
baptist and repression terrible waste the one a player of those
conditions have their great qualities in grille instead of contributing the
the field to a team that right now does not need many Afghans lamenting in
that case of the boofo is that
they are acting with a totally amateur spirit what they are
Luis Fernando had the doctor the physical trainer as he is exposed
for a detail like this one that you upload 4 kilos and measure your weight
that happens in the neighborhood because a professional team can not afford that
type of licenses where a player like the percent
ilo with four kilos and a half more because it will not be useful to the X will not be
he wants to be not what I hope for more he does not want to be calm
auction you have to take the doctor as we are going to tell you that in
these went down six tenths and that's like saying for a player
that having great capacity I am extremely
percent and intermittent unstable in their performances in a tournament